README.md, before:

![Lafiel Agent](img/lafiel-img.webp)

# Resume Writer Agent

An open-source, AI-driven workflow for generating ATS-optimized, expertly written resumes. This tool uses a multi-agent system (Researcher, Writer, Reviewer) to craft resumes that are tailored to specific job descriptions while staying true to your actual experience.

## Overview

Applying for jobs is tedious. Tailoring your resume for eveery single application is even worse. This tool automates the heavy lifting:

1.  🎼 **Orchestrator**: Manages the workflow and ensures quality gates are met.
2.  🔍 **Researcher**: Analyzes the Job Description, extracts ATS keywords, and finds matching evidence in your Knowledge Base.
3.  ✍️ **Writer**: Drafts a compelling, formatted resume based on the research.
4.  🧐 **Reviewer**: Acts as a strict quality assurance step, checking for ATS compliance, factual accuracy, and fabrication risks.

```mermaid
graph TD
    User([User]) -->|1. Job Description| Input[Input/]
    Input -->|Trigger| Orch{Orchestrator}
    
    subgraph Agents
        Orch -->|Phase 1| Res[Researcher]
        Res <-->|Search| KB[(Knowledge Base)]
        Res -->|Keywords & Matches| Brain[(Brain)]
        
        Orch -->|Phase 2| Write[Writer]
        Brain -->|Context| Write
        
        Orch -->|Phase 3| Rev[Reviewer]
        Write -->|Draft| Rev
    end
    
    Rev -->|Final Output| Output[Output/]
    Output -->|Resume & Report| User
```

## Getting Started

### 1. Prerequisites
-   An MCP-compatible agent environment (like Antigravity, or similar AI coding assistant).
-   Your career history documented.

### 2. Setup Your Knowledge Base
The system relies on a "Truth Source" to write your resume. It will **never** invent facts, only use what you provide.

1.  Navigate to the `/Knowledge Base` directory.
2.  **Important**: The files currently in there are **examples**. You should eventually remove them or set them aside.
3.  Create your own profile using `Knowledge Base/template.md`.
4.  Add as many markdown files as you like details your projects, case studies, metrics, and skills. The more detail, the better.

### 3. Usage
1.  **Input**: Place the job description you are applying for in `Input/Job-Description.md`.
2.  **Run**: Ask your AI Agent to "Run the Resume Workflow".
    -   *Prompt Example*: "Please run the resume workflow for the job description in Input/.'
3.  **Output**:
    -   Drafts and reports will appear in `/Output`.
    -   Research data (keywords, etc.) will appear in `/Brain`.

## Directory Structure
-   `Input/`: Where you put the Job Description.
-   `Knowledge Base/`: Your career data (Markdown/PDFs).
-   `Output/`: Generated resumes and review reports.
-   `Brain/`: Intermediate agent state and research data.
-   `.agent/`: Internal system prompts and workflows.

## License
[License Name/Type]

Commit message:

docs: replace MIT license with Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International license

README.md, after:

![Lafiel Agent](img/lafiel-img.webp)

# Resume Writer Agent

An open-source, AI-driven workflow for generating ATS-optimized, expertly written resumes. This tool uses a multi-agent system (Researcher, Writer, Reviewer) to craft resumes that are tailored to specific job descriptions while staying true to your actual experience.

## The Goal 🎯
**To create tailored, factually accurate resumes that consistently achieve an ATS (Applicant Tracking System) score of 85 or higher.** We believe you shouldn't have to choose between a resume that passes the robot and one that reads well for a human. This workflow ensures both.

## Overview

Applying for jobs is tedious. Tailoring your resume for every single application is even worse. This tool automates the heavy lifting:

1.  🎼 **Orchestrator**: Manages the workflow and ensures quality gates are met.
2.  🔍 **Researcher**: Analyzes the Job Description, extracts ATS keywords, and finds matching evidence in your Knowledge Base.
3.  ✍️ **Writer**: Drafts a compelling, formatted resume based on the research.
4.  🧐 **Reviewer**: Acts as a strict quality assurance step, checking for ATS compliance, factual accuracy, and fabrication risks.

```mermaid
graph TD
    User([User]) -->|1. Job Description| Input[Input/]
    Input -->|Trigger| Orch{Orchestrator}
    
    subgraph Agents
        Orch -->|Phase 1| Res[Researcher]
        Res <-->|Search| KB[(Knowledge Base)]
        Res -->|Keywords & Matches| Brain[(Brain)]
        
        Orch -->|Phase 2| Write[Writer]
        Brain -->|Context| Write
        
        Orch -->|Phase 3| Rev[Reviewer]
        Write -->|Draft| Rev
    end
    
    Rev -->|Final Output| Output[Output/]
    Output -->|Resume & Report| User
```

## Getting Started

### 1. Prerequisites
-   An MCP-compatible agent environment (like Antigravity, or similar AI coding assistant).
-   Your career history documented.

### 2. Setup Your Knowledge Base
The system relies on a "Truth Source" to write your resume. It will **never** invent facts, only use what you provide.

1.  Navigate to the `/Knowledge Base` directory.
2.  **Important**: The files currently in there are **examples**. You should eventually remove them or set them aside.
3.  Create your own profile using `Knowledge Base/template.md`.
4.  Add as many markdown files as you like details your projects, case studies, metrics, and skills. The more detail, the better.

### 3. Usage
1.  **Input**: Place the job description you are applying for in `Input/Job-Description.md`.
2.  **Run**: Ask your AI Agent to "Run the Resume Workflow".
    -   *Prompt Example*: "Please run the resume workflow for the job description in Input/.'
3.  **Output**:
    -   Drafts and reports will appear in `/Output`.
    -   Research data (keywords, etc.) will appear in `/Brain`.

## Directory Structure
-   `Input/`: Where you put the Job Description.
-   `Knowledge Base/`: Your career data (Markdown/PDFs).
-   `Output/`: Generated resumes and review reports.
-   `Brain/`: Intermediate agent state and research data.
-   `.agent/`: Internal system prompts and workflows.

## License
Distributed under the **Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License (CC BY-NC 4.0)**.
See `LICENSE` for more information.

This project is available for **personal, non-commercial use only**.

However, community collaboration is the core of this project! You are **highly encouraged** to:
- 🍴 **Fork** this repository and tailor it to your specific industry or needs.
- 🔧 **Submit Pull Requests** with improvements, new agent behaviors, or better prompts.

Let's build the best open-source career tool together!
